README.md, before:

jQuery classList plugin
==================================================

Re-implementation of jQuery class manipulation methods that utilizes the classList interface.

Compatible with jQuery 1.9+ and 2.0+.

Rationale
--------------------------------------

HTML5 defines the `classList` interface, allowing for adding/removing/toggling classes or checking if an element
contains a specified class using built-in methods as opposed to manually parsing the `className` field where
classes are separated by spaces.

A couple of test suites comparing both implementations:

1. http://jsperf.com/classlist-v-old-way/8 - large number of classes
2. http://jsperf.com/classlist-v-old-way/10 - small number of classes

jQuery currently doesn't utilize this interface by default, one of the reasons being it's not supported
by Internet Explorer 9.

Browser support
--------------------------------------

Note: in browsers that don't support the `classList` interface (e.g. IE < 10) the plugin falls back to the built-in
jQuery implementation so it doesn't break them.

Here are some of the browsers that can utilize full functionality of this plugin:

1. Google Chrome, Firefox: current - 1, current
2. Opera: 12.1x, current - 1, current
4. Safari 5.1+
2. Internet Explorer 10+

"current - 1, current" denotes that the current stable version of the browser and the version that preceded it
are supported. For example, if the current version of a browser is 24.x, we support the 24.x and 23.x versions.

In fact the code will work in many older versions, too, but they are not actively tested.

Commit message:

Refactor: apply the plugin only in (almost) fully working implementations
Skip overwriting the original jQuery implementation if classList in a particular
browser doesn't support multiple parameters to .add or the boolean .toggle
flag. Link to the issue about an inconsistency in handling
`.toggle(clazz, undefined)`. Rewrite README to include up-to-date information
about browser support.

README.md, after:

# jQuery classList plugin

Re-implementation of jQuery class manipulation methods that utilizes the `classList` interface.

Compatible with jQuery 1.9+.

## Rationale

The DOM spec defines [the `classList` interface](https://dom.spec.whatwg.org/#dom-element-classlist), allowing for adding/removing/toggling classes or checking if an element contains a specified class using built-in methods as opposed to manually parsing the `className` field where classes are separated by spaces.

A couple of test suites comparing both implementations:

1. http://jsperf.com/classlist-v-old-way/16 - small (10) number of classes
2. http://jsperf.com/classlist-v-old-way/17 - large (100) number of classes

jQuery currently doesn't utilize this interface, one of the reasons being it's not supported by Internet Explorer 9 and it doesn't work on SVGs even in IE 11.

## Browser support

Note: in browsers that don't support the `classList` interface (e.g. all IE & Android Browser) the plugin falls back to the built-in jQuery implementation so it doesn't break them.

Here are some of the browsers that can utilize full functionality of this plugin:

1. Chrome (for desktop & Android), Edge, Firefox, Opera: Current -1, Current
2. Safari 7.0+
3. iOS 7.0+

"Current -1, Current" denotes that the current stable version of the browser and the version that preceded it are supported. For example, if the current version of a browser is 24.x, we support the 24.x and 23.x versions.

In fact the code will work in many older versions, too, but they are not actively tested.

## Caveats

Supported browsers with the jQuery classList plugin pass the whole jQuery test suite [except for a few tests](https://github.com/mzgol/jquery/commit/b4385d246b3cb1056b22dd4d0b8a1c1209031824) that check for extra
whitespaces in the `class` attribute as there is no way to control that behavior via the `classList` interface. Also, in Safari 7 passing the same class to `classList.add` as multiple arguments results in duplicated class names in the `class` attribute. However, `classList.remove` removes all duplicated classes so this shouldn't be a big problem in practice.
